                 MIDAS Digital Audio System LICENSE
                 ----------------------------------
    Copyright 1996,1997 Housemarque Inc.

0. Throughout this license, "the original MIDAS Digital Audio System archive"
or "the original archive" refers to the set of files originally distributed by
Housemarque Inc. as MIDAS Digital Audio System. This license only applies to
the freely distributable versions of MIDAS Digital Audio System, Housemarque
Inc. may make MIDAS Digital Audio System, or portions of it, available under
different licensing conditions for selected licensees.

"You" refers to the licensee, the person or other legal entity using MIDAS
Digital Audio System. "Using" MIDAS Digital Audio System includes compiling
MIDAS Digital Audio System source code, linking it to other parts of MIDAS
Digital Audio System or your own code to form an executable program, and
distributing portions of MIDAS Digital Audio System with the program. This
program is referred to as "a program using MIDAS Digital Audio System".

This license applies to all files distributed in the original MIDAS Digital
Audio System archive, including all source code, libraries, binaries and
documentation, unless otherwise stated in the file in its original, unmodified
form as distributed in the original archive. If you are unsure whether or not
a particular file is covered by this license, you must contact us to verify
this.

MIDAS DIGITAL AUDIO SYSTEM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE USE
OR INABILITY TO USE, OF MIDAS DIGITAL AUDIO SYSTEM.

As you have not signed this license, you are not required to accept it.
However, as MIDAS Digital Audio System is copyrighted material, only this
license grants you the right to use, distribute and modify it.  Therefore, by
using, distributing or modifying MIDAS Digital Audio System, you indicate that
you understand and accept all the terms of this license.


1. MIDAS Digital Audio System may freely be copied and distributed in its
original, unmodified form as long as no fee is charged for MIDAS Digital Audio
System itself. A fee, not exceeding 10USD, may be charged for the physical act
of copying, as long as it is clearly stated that MIDAS Digital Audio System
itself is free and may always be distributed free of charge. When ever MIDAS
Digital Audio System or portions of it are distributed, this license must be
included in unmodified form, and all files must contain their original
copyright notices. If only a portion of a file is being distributed, the
appropriate copyright notice must be copied into it from the beginning of the
file, and this license must still be included in unmodified form.


2. MIDAS Digital Audio System files may freely be modified, and these modified
files distributed under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that the
following conditions are met:

        2.1. All the modified files must carry their original copyright
             notice, in addition to a list of modifications made and their
             respective authors.

        2.2. Modified versions files belonging under this license still do so,
             no matter what kind of modifications have been made.


3. MIDAS Digital Audio System may not be used in commercial programs,
including shareware. No program using MIDAS Digital Audio System may be sold
for any price, and neither may any fee be charged for the right to use the
program. Programs using MIDAS Digital Audio System may always be freely
distributed if no fee is charged for the distribution and may freely be used
by anyone. The Program and its documentation must clearly state that the
program uses MIDAS Digital Audio System and that it may freely be used and
distributed under the terms of this Section 3.


4. MIDAS Digital Audio System, or portions of it, may not be included as parts
of a commercial software package, in source code, object module or any other
form. Neither may MIDAS Digital Audio System, or portions of it, be printed in
a commercial publication, including, but not limited to, magazines and
books. Any software package or publication including portions of MIDAS Digital
Audio System may freely be used and distributed, as stated in Section 3.

MIDAS Digital Audio System may, however, be included in free software packages
as long as the whole software package can freely be distributed under the
terms of section 3 and all conditions of this license are met.  MIDAS Digital
Audio System, or portions of it, may also be printed for personal or
educational usage, provided that no attempt is made to restrict the copying
and usage of any parts of the printout or the publication in which portions of
MIDAS Digital Audio System are included.
